**_Date: 2022-06-31_**

First thing was this week was certainly more confusing than the rest but confusing in a good way. I have certainly learned a lot in these last few weeks about many tech things that I have very little experience with. They have me certainly intrigued to try new things in my future endeavors though. I never thought that coding or spreadsheets or even creating maps and games over the open web. I have found many things that not only surprised me but also puzzled me as well, when it came working with code in the first few modules that gave me a great deal of trouble but I was able to figure things out with the help of my peers, Professor and the web. I found how effective it can be if one becomes skilled at using even one of the systems in which I only scratched the surface over the past few weeks. It seems as if there is almost nothing you cannot do on our machines through the command prompt if you know which words and symbols to put in. And don't even get me started on Excel and the boundless things such as charts and various organizational things that can be done through that handy little system.

While doing these tutorials I have found it certainly stressful but also kind of rewarding at the same time. That feeling when something finally goes 100% right and your vision comes to life through all these little seemingly meaningless words, numbers and symbols. I have found that while working with these very different yet similar systems that one can easily lose track of time and sort of fall inside the mind of their machine. And when I first took a look at this class before I started it I though to myself what exactly can I learn from this and how will it benefit my university education. Well it got a different part of my brain working that I do not think I have ever used before. And through the reading as well it gave me a lot of insight into how the tech world works outside of ones one personal machine. And how everything is created on the web, how much work goes into these sites as well as who funds all of the small projects that create much larger ones.

Now when I go back and look at many of the small projects I created over the past few weeks through these tutorials I see a lot of things that are slightly incomplete. But with the created logs I can look back and go oh yeah that is what I was doing and where I left off. As I have already said prior I am certainly going to go back and look further into a few things that really interested me such as Storymap, twine and wget as these seem like really cool tools. I also went back and got my girlfriend to look at a few of my projects as she was very interested when I told her I was taking a digital class as opposed to my usual history classes (which often bore her). And she found a few things intriguing as well, especially when using the command prompt. She too was confused when I showed her the main command screen and said "See if I do this, this happens and if I do that, that happens". And  I showed her my Excel sheet and asked for some feedback, which was very helpful as she is pretty fluent with that program.
